John Wayne Gacy (March 17, 1942 – May 10, 1994) was an American serial killer and sex offender known as the Killer Clown who assaulted and murdered at least 33 young men and boys. Gacy regularly performed at children's hospitals and charitable events as "Pogo the Clown" or "Patches the Clown", personas he had devised. He was also active in his local community as a precinct captain and building contractor.

According to Gacy, all his murders were committed inside his ranch house near Norridge, a village in Norwood Park, metropolitan Chicago. He would typically lure a victim to his home, dupe him into donning handcuffs on the pretext of demonstrating a magic trick, then rape and torture his captive before killing him by either asphyxiation or strangulation with a garrote. Twenty-six victims were buried in the crawl space of his home, three others were buried elsewhere on his property, and the last four were discarded in the Des Plaines River.


John Wayne Gacy was born in Chicago, Illinois on March 17, 1942, the second child and only son of John Stanley Gacy (June 20, 1900 – December 25, 1969) and Marion Elaine Robinson (May 4, 1908 – December 6, 1989).His father was an auto repair machinist and World War I veteran,and his mother was a homemaker.One of Gacy's friends at high school recalled several instances in which his father ridiculed or beat his son without provocation. On one occasion in 1957, the same friend witnessed an incident at the Gacy household in which Gacy's father began shouting at his son for no reason, then began hitting him. Gacy's mother attempted to intervene. The friend recalled that Gacy simply "put up his hands to defend himself", adding that he never struck his father back during these physical altercations.

Gacy became active in local Democratic Party politics, initially offering the labor services of his employees to clean party headquarters for free.[96] He was rewarded for his community service by being appointed to serve upon the Norwood Park Township street lighting committee,[69] subsequently earning the title of precinct captain.Gacy was also known to occasionally remain in his clowning garb after a performance. On several occasions, he is known to have arrived, dressed in his clowning garb, at a favorite drinking venue, "The Good Luck Lounge", with the explanation he had performed at a charitable event and was stopping for a social drink before heading home.[103][104] Gacy later stated acting as a clown allowed him to "regress into childhood".

Gacy is known to have murdered at least 33 young men and boys, 26 of whom were buried in the crawl space. He typically abducted his victims from Chicago's Greyhound Bus station, Bughouse Square, or simply off the streets. Some victims were grabbed by force, or conned into believing Gacy (who often carried a sheriff's badge and had spotlights on his black Oldsmobile) was a policeman. Other victims were lured to his house with either the promise of a job with PDM, or an offer of drink, drugs, or money for sex.The victims were usually lured alone to his house; although on approximately three occasions, Gacy had what he called "doubles"—two murder victims killed the same evening.

In addition to being the year of his business expanding, Gacy freely admitted 1975 was also when he began to increase the frequency of his excursions for sex with young males.He often referred to these jaunts as "cruising".Gacy committed most of his murders between 1976 and 1978, as he largely lived alone following his divorce. He later referred to these as his "cruising years".

murder of robert piest-: Piest was murdered shortly after 10:00 p.m. at Gacy's home.Gacy later stated that at his house, he asked Piest whether there was anything he "wouldn't do for the right price", to which Piest replied that he did not mind working hard. In response, Gacy stated "good money" could be earned by hustling, although Piest was dismissive of this statement.

Law enforcement also came under criticism, as the family members of several of the victims had previously pointed to Gacy as a possible suspect. In addition to the bodies found at his house, Gacy admitted to killing several additional men, disposing of their bodies in a nearby lake. His attempts at presenting an insanity defense failed, and he was convicted on 33 counts of murder and executed by lethal injection in 1994.

After being informed that the police had found human remains in his crawl space and that he would now face murder charges, Gacy told officers he wanted to "clear the air", adding that he had known his arrest was inevitable since the previous evening, which he had spent on the couch in his lawyers' office.Accompanied by police and his lawyers, Gacy was subsequently driven to the spot on the I-55 bridge from which he had confessed to have thrown the bodies of Piest, Landingin, and three other victims that summer into the Des Plaines River.Gacy was then taken to his house and instructed to mark his garage floor with orange spray-paint to show where he had buried this individual he supposedly killed in self defense, whom Gacy named as John Butkovich.

Upon being sentenced, Gacy was transferred to the Menard Correctional Center in Chester, Illinois, where he remained incarcerated on death row for 14 years.On the morning of May 9, 1994, Gacy was transferred from the Menard Correctional Center to Stateville Correctional Center in Crest Hill to be executed. After Gacy's death was confirmed at 12:58 a.m. on May 10, 1994, his brain was removed. It is in the possession of Helen Morrison, a witness for the defense at Gacy's trial,who has interviewed Gacy and other serial killers in an attempt to isolate common personality traits of violent sociopaths. 

still questions remain the same...(MindHunting Questions)
1. since no-one is a born sociopath...what are the circumstances in one's life that turn them into such kind of a person???
2. why did he chose that particular way of murder only??
3. were there many other victims who were never brought under investigation???

for more information on this case- click here...